[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be summarizing all of the Star Wars
movies that have been released leading
up to episode 9 I will release this
video in two separate formats one in
order of the year that the films were
released and the other in order of the
chronological in universe timeline so
let's get started the film takes place
20 years after the events of episode 3
with the Galactic Empire ruling most of
the galaxy the Rebel Alliance is at
civil war with the Empire having stolen
plans for the Empire's super weapon and
Space Station the Death Star Princess
Leia one of the leaders of the rebels
has the plans with her when her ship is
boarded by Imperial forces led by Darth
Vader Leia is able to hide the plans in
the Droid r2d2 and sends r2d2 and c3po
to the desert planet of Tatooine to meet
with obi-wan Kenobi Leia is then
captured by Vader and taken into his
custody the droids are captured by
Jowitt Raiders we sell the droids to
Owen Lars and his nephew Luke Skywalker
Luke inadvertently triggers a recording
from Princess Leia pleading for the help
of obi-wan Kenobi Luke wonders that the
recording is referring to Ben Kenobi a
hermit who lives nearby
the next morning Luke discovers that
r2d2 and c3po have left and search for
obi-wan where all three meet up with Ben
Kenobi Ben reveals that he is actually
obi-wan and obi-wan tells Luke of his
days of being a Jedi explaining what the
Jedi are and the powers that they have
through the force obi-wan tells Luke
that he actually used to fight alongside
his father Anakin Skywalker before he
was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader
a former pupil of obi-wan who turned to
the dark side if you watch my previous
summaries you might realize that this
isn't exactly the truth Obi one gives
Luke his father's lightsaber as well
they view a Leia's message begging
obi-wan to take the Death Star plans to
Alderaan and give them to her father for
analysis obi-wan invites Luke to join
him and become a student of the force at
first
Luke is unsure
but he discovers that stormtroopers
soldiers of the empire have killed his
aunt and uncle in search of the droids
that they had purchased Luke and the
droids go with obi-wan and they traveled
to moss eisely to hire a pilot they find
a smuggler han Solo and his first mate
Chewbacca a Wookiee and they hire them
as transport to Alderaan and aboard
their ship of the Millennium Falcon in
an effort to get information at a
Princess Leia bout the rebels and the
plans that they had stolen they threaten
Leah's home planet of Alderaan
Labe is not given however and they use
the true power of the Death Star which
has the ability to destroy entire
planets by blowing up Alderaan
so when the Millennium Falcon arrives
where Alderaan should be
there's nothing but debris the Death
Star uses their tractor beam in order to
pull in the Millennium Falcon once
aboard obi-wan is able to disable the
tractor beam so that they're able to
escape and Luke and Han go and rescue
Leia they all make their way back to the
Millennium Falcon where they encounter
Darth Vader Vader and obi-wan fight and
obi-wan is struck down the Millennium
Falcon escapes but little do they know
the Empire installed a tracking device
the Falcon travels to Gavin for to the
rebels hidden base in order to analyze
the Death Star's plans they determined
that the exhaust port that connects to
the main reactor to be the Death Star's
weak point the Empire has identified
Gavin for as the rebels base and they
moved the Death Star into position to
destroy the planet
Luke joins the rebel assault group but
Han decides to take his payment for
transport and leave the rebels try to
attack the Death Star trying to destroy
before it's able to destroy the rebels
home planet the rub will suffer heavy
losses and Darth Vader joins into the
space battle with Luke's x-wing right in
his sights the Death Star is nearly
prepared to destroy Yavin for invader is
hot on Luke's tail and all hope seems to
be lost but at the last moment han
returns and fires on Luke's attackers
sending vader spiraling out of control
Luke uses some spiritual guidance from
obi-wan telling him to use the Force to
guide his shot and Luke is successful
destroying the Death Star and the rebels
have won
the film concludes in a very similar way
to Episode one with a large celebration
for the rebels victory this film takes
place three years following the
destruction of the Death Star the rebels
have moved their base to the ice planet
of Hoth the umpire dispatches probe
droids all throughout the galaxy hunting
for the rebels new base and one does
actually land on Hoth Luke believing
that the probe is a meteor goes to
investigate and is captured by a
creature called a Wamba he is able to
escape but the bitter cold ends up
putting him in a state of hypothermia
Luke has a vision of obi-wan telling him
of the system of Dagobah and to go there
to train with Jedi Master Yoda Luke is
found in the tundra by han Solo who
takes him back to the rebel base to
recover han and Chewbacca later
discovered that the meteor was actually
a probe droid which had alerted the
Imperial fleet at the rebels location
the umpire launches a massive attack
using gigantic 8080 Walker's in order to
capture the rebel base the rebels are
overwhelmed and must flee han Chewbacca
Leia and c3po all leave in the
Millennium Falcon but their hyperdrive
fails so they have to hide in an
asteroid field bounty hunters are sent
out by Darth Vader including Boba Fett
in order to track down the Millennium
Falcon they're able to avoid the bounty
hunters and the Imperial fleet and
traveled to Cloud City a floating city
on the planet of bespin where Hans old
friend Lando Calrissian lives and runs
the Millennium Falcon however has been
tracked and the Empire has taken over
Cloud City before the Falcon has even
arrived Lando leads the group into a
trap and they are captured by Darth
Vader Vader plans to use the group to
lure out Luke in order to present Luke
to Vader's master the Emperor Vader also
freezes Han Solo in carbonite and Boba
Fett takes the frozen han to claim the
bounty placed by Jabba the Hutt Leia is
also placed under the custody of the
Empire meanwhile Luke and r2d2 travel to
the planet of Dagobah where Luke meets
Yoda
at first Luke believes Yoda to be a
crazy old hermit but Luke follows
through with Yoda's training learning
more about the force and the ways of the
Jedi while Luke is training he has
visions of han and Leia being in danger
and leaves Yoda's training to help them
even though Yoda warns that he is not
ready to face Vader Luke arrives at
Cloud City and falls right into Vader's
trap Luke and Vader begin to battle and
they're led into a large air shaft
Vader proves himself to be more skilled
than Luke invaders severs Luke's hand
causing him to lose both his hand and
his father's lightsaber Vader offers to
Luke to come join the dark side on the
Empire which Luke refuses as believing
Vader had killed his father this is when
Vader reveals to Luke that he did not
kill his father that Vader in fact is
actually Luke's father unwilling to
believe this Luke throws himself down
the air shaft while this is all going on
Lando who is forced to help the Empire
has broken Leia and the others free they
tried to stop oboe Fett from leaving
with the frozen han Solo but they are
unsuccessful Lando and the others take
the Millennium Falcon planning to escape
the planet Leia however has her own
premonition of Luke being in trouble and
they find him at the bottom of the air
shaft they rescue Luke and flee the
planet as the film concludes we see Luke
has been fitted with a robotic hand
while Lando and Chewbacca leave to go
after the frozen han Solo flying off in
the Millennium Falcon the film opens
with Luke Skywalker trying to rescue the
frozen han Solo from the crime lord
Jabba the Hutt along with the help of
Chewbacca Princess Leia
r2d2 c-3po and Lando Calrissian Leia
infiltrates the palace disguised as a
bounty hunter presenting Chewbacca to
claimed the bounty on his head
Lee is able to unfought on what Leia is
discovered and enslaved donning the
famous slave outfit Luke arrives to try
to barter for solo but falls into a trap
and battles a large beast known as a
rancor which he is able to kill Han Solo
is sentenced to death by being thrown
into a pit with a large monster known as
a Sarlacc Luke is able to free himself
and the others
and a big battle breaks out aboard the
ship Leia is able to strangle Jabba and
kill him
Boba Fett the Bounty Hunter who
initially delivered solo to Jabba is
thrown into the Sarlacc pit they all
escaped and returned back to the Rebel
Alliance Luke returns to the swamp
planet of Dagobah to find Yoda is dying
before he dies Yoda confirms that Darth
Vader is really Anakin Skywalker Luke's
father
and also tells Luke of another Skywalker
the spirit of obi-wan confirms that Leia
is really Luke's twin sister and tells
Luke that he must fight Darth Vader to
defeat the Empire the rebels have
discovered that the Empire has been
constructing a new Death Star with
Emperor Palpatine supervising the
construction himself
the incomplete station is being
protected by an energy shield that is
being generated by the forest moon of
Endor if the rebels are able to destroy
the shield generator this will leave the
new Death Star vulnerable and they can
destroy it before it's completed so the
rebels land on Endor in order to attack
the shield generator through a series of
events the rebels befriend the moon's
native population a tribe of small furry
aliens known as a walks Luke reveals to
Leia that he is her brother and that
Vader is their father and Luke tells her
that he must confront Vader Luke
surrenders himself to the Empire where
Vader once again tries to sway Luke to
the dark side
Vader brings Luke before the Emperor
aboard the Death Star in an attempt to
convince him to join the dark side the
emperor reveals that the Death Star is
actually fully operational and that
everything has been a trap for the rebel
fleet planning on using the Death Star
to destroy the rebel fleet so when the
rebel fleet arrives they find that the
shield generator is still up and they
begin to take massive casualties as the
Death Star attacks Luke and Vader battle
with the Emperor encouraging Luke to get
more and more angry trying to push him
into the ways the dark side Vader senses
that Luke has a sister which who is
previously unaware of and Vader says
that he might possibly try to sway her
to the dark side
this enrages Luke and Luke severs
Vader's own robotic hand much like Vader
severed Luke's hand
previous film the emperor further eggs
on Luke telling him to kill Vader and
take his place
Luke refuses declaring himself a Jedi
like his father had once been the
Emperor becomes furious with this and
begins to torture Luke using force
lightning to nearly kill him Vader then
kills the Emperor but Vader becomes
mortally wounded in the process
Luke removes his father's mask and Vader
dies in his arms back on Endor
the rebels and the Ewoks eventually are
able to successfully destroy the shield
generator
the rebels led by Lando are able to
attack the now exposed Death Star Luke
is able to escape the Death Star as it
is falling apart and brings his father's
body with him back on the planet of
Endor Luke cremates Vader's body Leia
and Han kiss and the rebels celebrate
the victory over the Empire the film
ends with the spirits of obi-wan Yoda
and the redeemed Anakin Skywalker
watching over the festivities the film
opens with an organization known as the
Trade Federation imposing a blockade on
a planet known as Naboo due to taxation
on trade routes the Galactic Republic
the government of most of the central
planets in the galaxy
dispatches two Jedi Knights Master
qui-gon jinn and his apprentice obi-wan
Kenobi to investigate the matter the
short explanation of who the Jedi czar
is they are warriors that use weapons
called light sabers and have special
powers which they harness through
something called the force the Jedi's
are viewed as the good guys throughout
the films the Trade Federation is
working under the direction of Darth
Sidious a Sith Lord
the Sith are kind of the evil opposite
of the Jedi more of the dark side of the
force the Jedi arrived to negotiate with
Viceroy Gunray the leader of the
Federation however the Viceroy is
ordered to kill the Jedi and invade the
planet of Naboo with a droid army the
Jedi escaped hiding aboard one of the
Droid landing ships and arrive on the
planet Naboo the Jedi meet the Gungan
Jar Jar Binks who takes them to the
secret underwater
Gungans City the leader of the Gungans
is unwilling to help this surface
civilization of Naboo from the droid
invasion but does give the Jedi
transport to the Naboo capital city the
Jedi even rescue Queen Amidala the
Democratic leader of the Naboo people an
escape Naboo though their ship is
severely damaged the damaged ship lands
on the desert planet of tatooine in
order to repair its hyperdrive qui-gon
Jar Jar a droid named r2d2 in Queen
Amidala is handmaiden Padme I'll go to
the city of Moss ESPA to find the parts
that are needed they find a shop owned
by an alien named Watteau and his slave
a nine year old boy named Anakin
Skywalker Anakin is a skilled engineer
having built a robot assisted droid
named c-3po Anakin is also a talented
podracer a type of dangerous high-speed
racing qui-gon can tell that Anakin has
an extremely strong tie to the force and
appears to be the chosen one that the
Jedi prophecy foretells of the one that
should bring balance to the force
Ivan tries to use his money that they
have in order to buy their parts but
Watto is not interested in their foreign
currency through a series of events
qui-gon make us a bet with water with
that if Anakin wins the next big pod
race that they will get all the parts
that they need and Anakin will also be
freed qui-gon also tries to barter for
Anakin's mother
Shmi but is unsuccessful Anakin wins the
race and they get the hyperdrive they
need Anakin is freed and Anakin vows to
become a Jedi one day and will find a
way to free his mother with her ship
repaired they traveled to the Galactic
Republic capital of Khorasan so Queen
Amidala can plead for aid for Naboo
before the Galactic Senate under the
recommendation of Naboo Senator
Palpatine Queen Amidala issues a vote of
no-confidence for the current chancellor
the leader of the Galactic Republic
while she is doing this qui-gon takes
Anakin before the Jedi Council to a
quest that he be trained as a Jedi the
council feels that he is too concerned
with his emotions and he has potential
to be swayed to the dark side of the
force
qui-gon vows however
to train Anakin himself Queen Amidala is
frustrated with the corruption in the
Senate and cannot wait for the vote of
no-confidence to go through so she
returns back to the planet of Naboo with
the Jedi on Naboo
the animated Padme reveals that she is
actually Queen Amidala and the actual
Queen has actually been involved in film
much more than the audience had
initially thought they enlist the aid of
the Gungans who now want to aid in
defeating in the droid army it's a three
part attack with the Gungans attacking
the droids on land the Naboo army
attacking the Federation control ships
in space and the Jedi's and Padme
capturing the Viceroy Anakin ends up
getting into a star fighter and destroys
one of the Droid control ship while
qui-gon and obi-wan battle against Darth
Maul Darth Sidious Sith apprentice Darth
Maul ends up killing qui-gon and obi-wan
kills Darth Maul Obi one now pledges to
train Anakin and the ways of the Jedi
Viceroy Gunray is captured Senator
Palpatine is elected to the Supreme
Chancellor and a large celebration
happens on Naboo now that they are free
from the Trade Federation which ends the
film the film takes place 10 years after
episode 1 with the Galactic Republic
facing a new group known as the
separatist movement led by the Sith Lord
Count Dooku
senator Padme goes to Khorasan to vote
for a plan to create an army to assist
the Jedi against the separatist movement
after avoiding an assassination attempt
Padme is put under the protection of
obi-wan Kenobi
and his apprentice Anakin Skywalker a
second assassination attempt occurs
obi-wan and Anakin capture the would-be
assassin however she is assassinated by
another bounty hunter with a toxic Dart
Obi one takes the poisonous dart to be
analyzed and identified to capture the
other bounty hunter while Anakin escorts
Padme back to Naboo where the two of
them fall in love which is forbidden by
the Jedi way
Obi Wan's investigation takes him to the
planet of Kamino where he discovers that
a clone army is being produced for the
Galactic Republic however it is unclear
who commissioned or approved of their
production as it was never voted on
obi-wan finds the Bounty Hunter Jango
Fett who was used for the original for
the Cologne army and is also the same
bounty hunter who took out the assassin
that attempted to kill Padme Jango kept
one of the clones for himself named him
boba which he wants to raise as his own
son obi-wan follows Jango and Bobo to
the desert planet of Genesis meanwhile
Anakin has visions of his mother Shmi
being in pain and travels with Padme to
his homeworld to save her when he
arrives
Anakin meets his mother's new husband
clegg Lars as well as his stepbrother
Owen Lars Anakin's new step family
informs him that his mother Shmi has
been kidnapped by Tusken Raiders a few
weeks earlier Anakin travels into the
wilderness finds the Tuscan campsite
finds his tortured and injured mother
who eventually dies from her wounds
Anakin becomes enraged and kills all the
Tusken Raiders at the camp including
their children Anakin then returns to
his step family with his mother's body
and admits to Padme what he did and says
they will find a way to learn how to
prevent death back on Geonosis obi-wan
discovers the separatists and Count
Dooku are behind the assassination
attempts on Padme and are now creating a
massive battle droid army with the
Viceroy Gunray the leader of the Trade
Federation from the first film obi-wan
has his findings related to the Jedi
Council and is captured by the
separatists
Supreme Chancellor Palpatine of the
Galactic Empire is voted emergency
powers which allows him to use the clone
army to send them into battle against
the separatists Anakin and Padme travel
to the Genesis to rescue obi-wan but are
also captured obi-wan Anakin and Padme
are all sentenced to death in a
gladiator or Colosseum fashion they are
rescued however by the Jedi Council and
the Clone Army and a battle breaks out
between the clones and the droids Anakin
and obi-wan engage Count Dooku in a
fight where obi-wan is injured and
Anakin loses his right arm Jedi Master
Yoda one of the oldest members of the
Jedi Council battles Dooku
but Dooku escapes - who flees - Khorasan
where he delivers the plans for a super
weapon to his SIF master
doth Sidious Darth Sidious the same Sith
Lord from the first film confirms that
everything is going according to plan
the Jedi announced that this is the
beginning of the Clone Wars and that
they will be battling the separatists
for a long time to come Anakin gets a
robotic arm and secretly marries Padme
on Naboo ending the film the film opens
with the Galactic Republic and the
separatists still at war with obi-wan
and Anakin fighting in a space battle
above the planet of Khorasan in a
mission to rescue the kidnapped Supreme
Chancellor Palpatine Palpatine is being
held by the separatist commander General
Grievous the Jedi battle the Sith Count
Dooku and the fight ends with Anakin
killing Dooku upon Palpatine's command
General Grievous flees the nearly
destroyed ship which the Jedi crash-land
on Khorasan Anakin is then reunited with
his wife Padme who reveals she is
pregnant
Anakin begins to have premonitions about
her dying in childbirth which begins to
consume him Palpatine appoints Anakin to
be on the Jedi Council which is not a
normal thing to do because Palpatine
ones Anakin to represent him on the
council the council is not happy about
this and the council urges Anakin to
monitor Palpatine as they feel something
is not right about him Anakin starts to
become unsure about the Jedi's faith and
as further pushed as Palpatine tells
Anakin about the powers of the dark side
even in preventing death eventually
Palpatine reveals himself as the Sith
Lord Darth Sidious showing that he has
been orchestrating the events of the
past films and actually directing both
sides of the war being Supreme
Chancellor Palpatine the head of the
Galactic Republic on one side as well as
Darth Sidious the secret head of the
separatists on the other side
Anakin reports us to the Jedi Council
and Mace Windu when the most powerful
Jedi begins to battle Palpatine
Palpatine's Force Lightning is backfired
upon himself and he becomes horribly
disfigured and is just about to be
defeated by mace Windu Palpatine though
convinces
Anakin that he knows a secret way to
save Padme from dying in childbirth and
Anakin kills mace Windu Anakin pledges
himself to Palpatine and Palpatine dubs
Anakin now as Darth Vader Palpatine
issues order 66 to the clone troopers a
secret order to kill all the Jedi and
sends Anakin now Darth Vader to the Jedi
Temple to kill all of the Jedi there
including very young children Jedi's
obi-wan and Yoda survived the attack
however but all other Jedi's are killed
Vader is sent now to kill the remaining
leaders of the separatists Union on the
volcanic planet of mustafar while
Palpatine announces to the Senate that
the government will now be reformed into
the Galactic Empire declaring himself
Emperor Yoda and obi-wan discover what
Anakin did at the Jedi Temple and are
horrified and tell Padme what Anakin did
Padme leaves for Moo stefarr to confront
Anakin and obi-wan hides aboard the
craft Padme arrives to meet Anakin and
obi-wan reveals himself
Anakin believes that Padme has betrayed
him so he begins to force choke her well
we won in Anakin fight and Anakin is
severely maimed and defeated Anakin
becomes significantly burned by a
volcanic River and obi-wan leaves with
padm padm gives birth to two twins
Luke and Leia and dies shortly after
obi-wan and Yoda decided to hide the
twins from the Empire separating them
senator Bail Organa adopts Leia and
takes her to the planet of Alderaan they
send Luke to live with his step-uncle
Owen Lars back on the planet of Tatooine
that we saw in the second film where
obi-wan will watch over Luke Palpatine
recovers Anakin and his body's repaired
with a cybernetic suit Palpatine informs
Vader of padme's death which he is
devastated by as the film concludes we
see the Empire is overseeing the
construction of the super weapon
discussed in the second film the Death
Star
set 30 years after the return of the
Jedi we see a new regime in the first
order that has replaced the Empire and
that wants to eliminate the New Republic
the resistance which is supported by the
New Republic and led by general Leia
Organa opposes the first order they also
continue to search for Leia's brother
Luke Skywalker who hasn't been seen for
several years on the planet jakku
resistance pilot poe obtains a map of
luke's location poe gives them aptitudes
droid bb-8 just before he is captured by
stormtroopers led by kylo ren bb-8
escapes with the map and meets a
scavenger named ray kylo tortures poe
and learns of the maps location a
stormtrooper named finn aboard the same
ship decides to defect breaks poe free
stealing a TIE fighter and crash-landing
it back on jakku finn survives though it
seems as though that poe did not make it
finn encounters rey and bb-8 but they
are attacked by the first order and the
three flee into an old junker ship which
turns out to be the Millennium Falcon
the ship of han Solo they encounter a
much larger ship which coincidentally is
being piloted by Han Solo and Chewbacca
Han ship is boarded by some gang members
looking to collect their debts and Han
Chewbacca rey finn and bb-8 all escape
on the Falcon the gang informs the first
order that the bb-8 droid they're
looking for is aboard the Millennium
Falcon
the Falcon crew determines that bb-8
SMAP is incomplete and Han explains that
Luke was trying to rebuild the Jedi
Order but exiled himself after one of
his apprentices kylo Ren turned to the
dark side and destroyed the temple and
slaughter all the other apprentices they
traveled to the planet takodana and meet
with a wise woman named mask who offers
to get the bb-8 to the resistance Rey is
drawn to a vault in the lower level and
finds the lightsaber that once belonged
to both Luke and his father Anakin
Skywalker
she has disturbing visions and flees
into the woods Maz decides to give finn
the lightsaber for safekeeping we also
see the first-order Starkiller base a
planet converted into a super weapon
which is capable of destroying multiple
planets at once using energy drained
from stars which is commanded by general
Hux we also see Kyle
Ren's master the leader of the first
order supreme leader snoke little is
known about him however Snoke questions
kylos ability to deal with his emotions
especially related to his father who was
Han Solo kylos true name is Ben solo
with his mother being lay out the first
order then leads an attack on takodana
once again to get the map from bb-8 the
Falcon crew are saved by resistance
fighters led by Poe who actually did not
die earlier in the crash Leia arrives
along with c-3po who unites with Han
Solo and Chewbacca Rey however is
captured by kylo and she is brought to
the Starkiller base he tries to
interrogate her using the force Barea is
able to resist him and ray can actually
read his mind finding kylos and
securities Rey also were later uses the
force to trigger guard in order to
escape at the resistance base bb-8 finds
r2d2 who has remained inactive since
Luke's disappearance the Starkiller base
prepares to fire on the resistance base
while the resistance comes up with a
plan to destroy the super weapon Leia
begs Han to return with her son alive
using the Falcon Han Chewbacca and Finn
infiltrate the facility and find Rey and
plant explosives han confronts his son
calling him by his given name of Ben and
begs him to abandon the dark side kylo
however refuses and kills his father
Chewbacca shoots kylo and injures him
and says self explosives along the
resistance to destroy the Starkiller
base a lightsaber battle breaks out
between the injured kylo and finn but
finn is badly wounded
Rey takes up the lightsaber and is able
to defeat kylo but they are separated
when the super weapon planet begins to
fall apart
Snoke orders kylo to return to him to
complete his training Rey Chewbacca and
Finn escape as the super weapon converts
into a new star due to the energy it
absorbed back at the resistance base
they celebrate their victory as well as
mourn the death of Han r2d2 awakens and
is able to reveal the rest of the map
allowing Rey to travel to okto an
oceanic planet there she finds Luke and
presents him with his lightsaber as the
film ends
research scientists gallon or so and his
family are hiding on the planet lamu
Imperial weapons developer Orson cranek
arrives to press him into completing the
Death Star a space station based super
weapon capable of destroying planets
Galan's wife Lyra is killed but their
daughter Jin escapes and is taken safely
by rebel extremists sagar era fifteen
years later cargo pilot Bodie rook
defects from the Empire taking a
holographic message recorded by Galan to
Guerrera on the desert moon Jetta rebel
intelligence officer casseon and or
frees Jin from the Imperial labor camp
before bringing her to the rebel leader
of mon mothma who convinces her to find
and rescue Galen so that the Alliance
can learn more about the Death Star
however casseon is covertly ordered to
kill Galen rather than extract him Jin
casseon and a reprogram droid Kay to so2
Jetta where the Empire's removing Kyber
crystals to power the Death Star and
Guerrera and his group are fighting back
with the aid of turret Emily and Bay's
Melba's Jin makes contact with Guerrera
who has been holding rook captive
Guerrera shows her the message in which
Galan reveals that he has built an
intentional vulnerability in the Death
Star and directs them to retrieve the
schematics from an imperial data bank on
the planet's Caruth on the Death Star
chronic orders a low-powered test shot
which destroys Jettas capital jin and
her group take rook and flee but
guerrero remains to die with the city
grand moff tarkin congratulate scren ik
but uses rooks defection and security
leak as a pretext to take control of the
project rook leads the group to gheylens
imperial research facility on the planet
Yahoo where casseon chooses to not kill
Galen Rowell bombers attack the facility
and Galen dies in his daughter's arms
before she escapes with the group cranek
is summoned by Darth Vader to answer for
the attack on Yahoo chronic seeks
Vader's support for an audience with the
Emperor
but Vader and said orders him to ensure
that no further breaches occur Jin
proposes
a plan to steal the Death Star
schematics using the rebel fleet but
fails to get approval from the Alliance
Council who feel victory against the
Empire is now impossible frustrated with
their inaction Jin's group lead a small
squad of rebel volunteers to raid the
data banks themselves arriving at Skara
on the stolen Imperial ship dubbed rogue
one gin and casseon enter the base with
k2s oh while the other rebels attack the
resident Imperial garrison as a
distraction the rebel fleet learns about
the raid from an intercepted
communication and they deploy support
k2s Oh sacrifices himself so Jin and
cassian can retrieve the data turret is
killed after activating the master
switch to allow communications with the
rebel fleet and mal bus dies shortly
afterwards rook is also killed by a
grenade after informing the rebel fleet
that it must deactivate the shield
surrounding the planet in order to allow
the transmission of the schematic
ginning casseon obtained the schematics
but they are ambushed by cranek who is
eventually shot by Kassadin Jin
transmits the schematics to the rebel
command ship however the death star
enters the orbit above Scarah
where Tarkin uses another low powered
shot to destroy the compromised base
kilink Renick casseon and jin the rebel
fleet prepares for jump into hyperspace
but many of the fleet ships are
intercepted by Vader's flagship Vader
boards the rebel command ship and
attempts to regain the schematics
killing many but a small starship
escapes with the schematics on board
aboard the fleeing ship Princess Leia
declares that the schematics will
provide hope the rebellion leading
directly into Episode four a new hope
film picks up after Episode seven with
the destruction of the Starkiller base
general Leia leads the resistance fleet
while the first-order pursues poe
dameron leads a counterattack but a lot
of lives are lost and the resistance
escapes in the hyperspace however they
find that the first order is
successfully able to track them
kylo Ren and other Thai fighters attack
Leia's ship and Leia nearly dies but
uses the force to bring herself back to
safety Leia is left incapacitating and
vice admiral hold o takes control of the
fleet feeling hold o strategy is too
passive poe thin bb-8 and a Kanak named
rose embark on a secret mission to
disable the first orders tracking device
meanwhile rey arrives on the planet octo
with Chewbacca and r2d2 aboard the
Millennium Falcon reuniting with Luke
Skywalker Skywalker has become
disillusioned with the Jedi way after
his failed trainings with kylo Ren he
refuses to help ray at first but
eventually gives it while on the island
Rey has visions in where she can
communicate with kylo Ren through her
visions and talking to Luke it has
revealed that Luke nearly killed Kyle on
and sleep because of the darkness that
was growing within him but changed his
mind only for kylo to awaken and then
destroy the Jedi Order ray became
convinced that kylo can be redeemed and
leaves without Luke Yoda appears to Luke
telling him that rain has all that she
needs to learn and encourages Luke to
learn from his failures Finn rose and
bb-8 travel to the kanto by casino to
meet up with a hacker named DJ the four
are able to infiltrate snoke's ship but
are captured by Captain phasma at the
same time
Raylan's aboard Snoke ship to confront
kylo she has brought before snow who
reveals that he is behind the visions
that Rey and kylo have been having which
allowed them to communicate as a plan to
destroy Luke kylo instead turns and
kills Snoke and Rey and kylo defeat the
guards raehwan's kylo to turn to the
light side but kylo invites raid to rule
the galaxy with that she refuses and
they end up splitting Anakin Skywalker's
lightsaber in half meanwhile back with
the ship's hull doe reveals her plan is
to discreetly evacuate the remaining
resistance members using small transport
ships poe believing that this is a
cowardly action leads a mutiny leia
wakes up who knocks
allowing the evacuation to begin pull
those stays aboard the ship to mislead
the first order while the others escape
the ship to a small base on crate
however the hacker DJ betrays the group
and reveals the resistance plan to the
first order and they begin to attack the
transport ships halt dough then
sacrifices herself by ramming the
resistance ship into snoke's ship at
Lightspeed in the chaos Rey escapes kylo
declares himself the new supreme leader
bb-8 freeze finn and rose and they all
to get their defeat phasma and escape to
crate the first order arrives on crate
to wipe out the few remaining resistance
members primarily using a large cannon
in thai fighters rey and Chewbacca draw
the fire from the TIE fighters while
finn attempts a suicide run against the
cannon but is stopped by rose as the
cannon destroys the one blast or
protecting the resistance luke skywalker
emerges from the destroyed door and
after having every gun fired at luke and
he still stands a lightsaber battle
breaks out between him and kylo luke is
struck but there is no effect only for
kylo to realize that he has been
fighting a force projection and luke is
actually back on the planet
akuto this distraction gave the
resistance members enough time to escape
out a back passage and board the
Millennium Falcon
Luke exhausted from the massive amount
of force use becomes one with the force
and dies ray and Leia sends the death
and Leia tells the rebels that the
resistance has all they need to rise
again as the film concludes we see one
of the children at Kanto bite using the
force gazing into space
possibly meaning he is a future member
of the resistance hello and welcome to
another episode of movie spoiler alerts
today we're talking about the 2018 film
solo a Star Wars story so let's get
started
the film opens with young han solo and
his love interest Kira escaping a local
gang they bribe an imperial officer with
some stolen Co axiom a powerful
hyperspace fuel to get off the planet
but Kira is captured han fails to return
for her and joins the Imperial Navy when
asked what his last name is he responds
that he has no family so he has given
the last name of solo
years later solo encounters a group of
criminals posing as Imperial soldiers
led by Tobias Beckett Han tries to join
them but ends up getting arrested for
desertion and thrown into a pit to be
fed to a wookie named Chewbacca han who
can understand Chewbacca works with the
Wookiee to escape
Beckett rescues the pair wanting to use
them to help steal a shipment of Co
axiom the heist is interrupted by a
group of pirates called the cloud riders
led by an fists nest which causes two
members of Beckett's crew to die
including his wife and the co axiom is
destroyed
Beckett reveals he was ordered to steal
the shipment for dried and Voss a member
of the crimson dawn syndicate and they
still owe on that debt the gang travels
to Voss's ship where Han finds Kira who
now is Voss's right-hand woman han
suggests they steal the unrefined
coaxial from the mines on Kessel Kira
joins the gang it leads them to Lando
Calrissian a smuggler who she hopes will
lend them his ship the Millennium Falcon
han challenges Lando to a game and the
winner takes land of ship Lando cheats
and wins but agrees to join in the
mission in exchange for some of the
profits at the mines
Lando's droid copilot l3 starts revolt
from all the droids that work in the
mine Chewbacca is able to free a group
of wookies that are forced to work in
the mines they are able to steal the co
axiom volando is wounded and l3 is
fatally damaged l3 is wired into the
ship and Han is able to navigate through
the Kessel run in 12 parsecs to avoid
the Imperial blockade the Falcon arrives
at the planet Sara Veen to process the
unrefined coaxial and fits in the cloud
riders arrived in Lando flees in the
Falcon and FFA's explains that she and
her crew are not pirates but rebels
fighting against the Empire
han tries to trick Foss in order to help
the rebels but Voss reveals that Beckett
told him everything
Voss sends his guards to kill the cloud
riders but the guards are defeated and
Foss is defenseless han tries to take
the KO axiom but Beckett betrays Voss
and takes the KO axiom with Chewbacca as
a hostage Kyra kills Voss
then sends Han after Becca instead of
joining Han Kira takes the opportunity
to contact the leader of the crimson
dawn Darth Maul and take Voss's position
she blames the failure on Becket and
does not mention Han in order to protect
him
maul says that he wants to meet with
Kira han confronts Becket and shoots him
first Kira leaves with Voss's ship and
Han turns the KO axiom over to the
rebels who offer to have Han joined them
which he declines han and chewbacca
locate Lando and challenged him to a
rematch again wagering the Falcon han
wins this time also by cheating and Han
and Chewie both leave her tattoo II to
begin working for Jabba the Hutt as the
film ends so that was the spoilers for
all the Star Wars movies leading up to
episode 9 if you have another film you'd
like to see a spoil please let us know
in the comments below check out movies
spoiler alerts on Instagram and remember
to Like and subscribe thanks for
watching